README.md, before:

# Work Day Scheduler Starter Code
## User story
AS AN employee with a busy schedule \
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner \
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively \

## Acceptance criteria
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule \
\
WHEN I open the planner \
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar \
\
WHEN I scroll down \
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours of 9am to 5pm \
\
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day \
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future \
\
WHEN I click into a time block \
THEN I can enter an event \
\
WHEN I click the save button for that time block \
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage \
\
WHEN I refresh the page \
THEN the saved events persist 

### Links
https://memiscavage.github.io/work-day-scheduler/ -- Link to live site \
https://github.com/memiscavage/work-day-scheduler -- Link to GitHub repo \
Assets/memiscavage.github.io_work-day-scheduler_.png -- Screenshot of website

### References
https://api.jquery.com/ \
https://day.js.org/docs/en/installation/installation

Commit message:

added references for assistance on JS

README.md, after:

# Work Day Scheduler Starter Code
## User story
AS AN employee with a busy schedule \
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner \
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively 

## Acceptance criteria
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule \
\
WHEN I open the planner \
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar \
\
WHEN I scroll down \
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours of 9am to 5pm \
\
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day \
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future \
\
WHEN I click into a time block \
THEN I can enter an event \
\
WHEN I click the save button for that time block \
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage \
\
WHEN I refresh the page \
THEN the saved events persist 

### Links
https://memiscavage.github.io/work-day-scheduler/ -- Link to live site \
https://github.com/memiscavage/work-day-scheduler -- Link to GitHub repo \
Assets/memiscavage.github.io_work-day-scheduler_.png -- Screenshot of website

### References
https://api.jquery.com/ \
https://day.js.org/docs/en/installation/installation \
Received assistance from TA Walter Perry and classmate Victoria Greenwood on lines 17-42 on script.js
